- If you watched the last lecture
on using Quicken for a PC, please skip this lecture
because I'm now gonna talk about
running Quicken on a Mac, okay?
And I was a beta tester for Microsoft
and their Microsoft Money application products of the 1990s.
And I've been using Quicken now
for more than 20 years as a customer,
and also while I was a technology consultant at Accenture,
where I helped our client at the time,
which was Nations Bank,
which is now part of Bank of America.
I helped B of A or Bank of America
export bank account files
into the Quicken format in the '90s.
I'm dating myself, I know.
And separately, since I'm always really,
really careful about your security.
If you wanna manage your expenses with software,
Quicken is the way to go.
And I think it's really, really secure
if you use it on your computer only, okay?
And I'll show you a demo of Quicken here.
But before I get there,
I wanna talk about a higher end version of Quicken
that I use and love for running my business.
And it's called QuickBooks and it's so awesome
because I basically set this thing up, QuickBooks up,
to do everything for me in business,
including automatically importing all credit card
and bank account information from various
bank account and credit card websites.
And QuickBooks also automatically pays my employees
and automatically sends all federal
and state taxes to the government agencies,
and also automatically submits
all payroll tax forms, et cetera.
Then at the end of the year,
my accountant gets a copy of my secure QuickBooks file
and then does my taxes for me on a business level.
And I have to stress this,
that I don't mind putting some business-related data
on the internet, but just not my personal data, okay?
And so, anyway this is Quicken for Mac.
And here's a demo of how to use it.
It's a great product.
I prefer to use my own Excel file,
like the one you're using here.
But let me run through how this works
and how to run it on a Mac.
And I think you'll enjoy this.
And if you have questions, just please let me know.
Thanks.